fix(core): unreadable interval_ms (#23361)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/23361_interval_ms_redeable.fix.md

> Make interval_ms redeable from VRL. A previous PR made it writeable but the field was never actually

Author: ```suggestion
Make interval_ms readable from VRL. A previous PR made it writeable but the field was never actually
```

> able to be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VRL programs can now read the `interval_ms` field. This field was previously only writeable.
```

> Make interval_ms readable from VRL. A previous PR made it writeable but the field was never actually
> able to be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VRL programs can now read the `interval_ms` field. This field was previously writeable but not readable.
```
